no explanation
amd launched new ryzen 3 cpus last week
the 3100 and 3300x and while they were
both well received the 3100 has been
getting some extra attention taiwanese
overclocker
this name was able to push his ryzen 3
3100 up to 5.92 gigahertz using liquid
nitrogen and he wasn't the only one
making an attempt steve from gamers
nexus tech jesus as we call him got his
unit running at up to more than five
gigahertz as well
but it turns out the chip is a decent
overclocking candidate without ln 2 as
well pc gamer magazine the publication
they got their cpu's performance to
within a sliver of the 3300 x's stock
performance that is just using the
included wraith stock cooler maybe the
fact that these chips are so great will
make us forget that amd is screwing up
their promise of backwards compatibility
right now except i just reminded you so
uh still sorry amd get the pitchforks i
guess
the compatibility
microsoft and intel are working together
to classify and attack malware by
rendering it as an image gobblygook
because you can't hit what you can't see
okay the collaboration is called static
malware as image network analysis or
stamina and involves converting binary
file code into pixels which are then
used to compose an image which is then
scanned by a neural network for traces
of malware infection which is then
reported to your wife because you've
been a bad boy you can get it from a
toilet seat if that sounds wacky you're
right it is but sometimes wacky works
because stamina has demonstrated over 99
accuracy in classifying malware with a
false positive rate of just 2.6 percent
although it does better with smaller
files than larger ones it really gives a
new meaning to the power visualization
just imagine what a virus looks like and
then you can defeat it
try it with me now
oh gross and a vulnerability has been
discovered in thunderbolt that could
allow evil maids maids to hack your pc
in five minutes
let me explain the flaw has been named
thunderspy by the researchers that
discovered it because hackers could use
it to rewrite your pc's thunderbolt
firmware and steal your data even if it
has an encrypted hard drive a
hypothetical evil made attack could
involve someone gaining access to your
laptop in your hotel room removing the
back plate using a pre-made device to
inject new firmware and closing your
laptop back up with you being nana wiser
and then that may just goes and get gets
a better job because clearly they're
very adept at i.t oh man
no offense to maids
well it's been said because the attack
requires prolonged physical access to a
pc some reddit users are pointing out
that it's it's not that dangerous but if
you're more scared of evil maids now
than you were already you can use the
spy check tool to see if your machine is
vulnerable
i'm not tipping now it's time for the
slick bits brought to you by this hairdo
and manscaped makers of the world's
first all-in-one manscaping kit that
makes grooming yourself safe and easy
that's because this kit includes the
lawnmower 3.0 waterproof body trimmer
your whole body including your head if
you're like me
featuring an ergonomic design and
quality ceramic blades built with their
advanced skin safe technology it's also
got new compact anti-tug adjustment
trigger guards
and a built-in led light so you can see
what the heck you're doing down there
get 20 off and free shipping for your
perfect package 3.0 purchase when you
use code ltt at the link below or on
manscape.com quickbits or never hackers
man they're crazy
and the latest evidence of this is the
hacking group shinyhunters who has
published a database of over 72 million
compromised user accounts i'm probably
in there the accounts are from some
lesser known sources like dating site
zeus photo photo book maker chat books
and various smaller newspaper and
ecommerce websites i'm definitely on
there it's unfortunate but sure zeusk
you're kind of asking for it what's
tinder
i'm on zeus
hey swipe up on me
what a meat market this is a real zoo
microsoft has announced it will be
repairing surface laptop 3 displays
after numerous reports sprung up
claiming the laptop screen will
spontaneously develop hairline cracks
i know the feeling the company says it's
determined that in a small percentage of
displays okay a hard foreign particle
can cause a fracture
did microsoft just make a dick joke
that's what she said i don't know are
they just talking about like getting a
rock in your laptop can make a crack
cause kind of dud
this laptop is really asking for it like
many developers ea is offering to give
gamers the next gen version of certain
games if the current gen version is
purchased but ea's offer comes with a
cash in the case of madden nfl 21 you
have to buy the game by december 31st
and upgrade to the new xbox by march
31st 2021 okay that actually seems
reasonable but in a time when every
other developer is leaving things just a
bit more open it's just kind of funny
that ea is still gonna be ea
a university of toronto study has found
that the popular messaging app wechat
never heard of it owned by chinese mega
company tencent who are they monitors
messages sent between recipients even
those based outside of china excuse me
while i express the opposite of surprise
oh really tencent says they're taking
the results of the study seriously
oh good should probably just keep using
the app then you know
they're super cereal you guys and intel
announced a collaboration with bluetooth
tracking company tile to integrate the
ladders tech into laptops with intel
chipsets finally i'll never lose my
laptop down in the space between my
seats again and when i pull out my app
to locate it it'll tell me tile cannot
be located last seen 21 hours ago it's
useless oh no
stupid alright that's it for this one
guys come back on wednesday for more
tech news but fewer stupid haircuts and
if think you can dress like linus then
try it you've never worn jeans this
simultaneously stretchy and coarse
before have ya well give us give us a
peek
there he is oh god